README.md, before:

# git <img src="/img/logo.png" align="right" />
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/lesson%20status-stable-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/slu-dss/git/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/release/slu-dss/git.svg?label=version)](https://github.com/slu-dss/git/releases)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/slu-dss/git.svg)](https://github.com/slu-dss/git/commits/master)

## Lesson Overview
This repository contains the lesson materials used for the Git and GitHub brownbag.

### Lesson Objectives
By the end of this lesson, learners should be able to:

1. Describe the role of version control software in research settings
2. Create and share a new repository using Git and GitHub
3. Modify and track changes to an existing Git repository

### Software Used

* [Atom](https://atom.io)
* [Git](https://git-scm.com)
* [GitHub](http://github.com)

## Contributor Code of Conduct
Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## About the SLU DSS
### About the SLU Data Science Seminar
The [SLU Data Science Seminar](https://slu-dss.githb.io) (DSS) is a collaborative, interdisciplinary group at Saint Louis University focused on building researchers’ data science skills using open source software. We currently host seminars focused on the programming language R. The SLU DSS is co-organized by [Christina Gacia, Ph.D.](mailto:christina.garcia@slu.edu), [Kelly Lovejoy, Ph.D.](mailto:kelly.lovejoy@slu.edu), and [Christopher Prener, Ph.D.](mailto:chris.prener@slu.edu}). You can keep up with us here on GitHub, on our [website](https://slu-dss.githb.io), and on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/SLUDSS).

### About Saint Louis University <img src="/img/sluLogo.png" align="right" />
Founded in 1818, [Saint Louis University](http://www.slu.edu) is one of the nation’s oldest and most prestigious Catholic institutions. Rooted in Jesuit values and its pioneering history as the first university west of the Mississippi River, SLU offers nearly 13,000 students a rigorous, transformative education of the whole person. At the core of the University’s diverse community of scholars is SLU’s service-focused mission, which challenges and prepares students to make the world a better, more just place.

Commit message:

add link to README for slides

README.md, after:

# git <img src="/img/logo.png" align="right" />
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/lesson%20status-stable-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/slu-dss/git/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/release/slu-dss/git.svg?label=version)](https://github.com/slu-dss/git/releases)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/slu-dss/git.svg)](https://github.com/slu-dss/git/commits/master)

## Lesson Overview
This repository contains the lesson materials used for the Git and GitHub brownbag. You can view the slides on [Speakerdeck](https://speakerdeck.com/chrisprener/git) or by downloading `docs/keynote-slides/git.pdf`.

### Lesson Objectives
By the end of this lesson, learners should be able to:

1. Describe the role of version control software in research settings
2. Create and share a new repository using Git and GitHub
3. Modify and track changes to an existing Git repository

### Software Used

* [Atom](https://atom.io)
* [Git](https://git-scm.com)
* [GitHub](http://github.com)

## Contributor Code of Conduct
Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## About the SLU DSS
### About the SLU Data Science Seminar
The [SLU Data Science Seminar](https://slu-dss.githb.io) (DSS) is a collaborative, interdisciplinary group at Saint Louis University focused on building researchers’ data science skills using open source software. We currently host seminars focused on the programming language R. The SLU DSS is co-organized by [Christina Gacia, Ph.D.](mailto:christina.garcia@slu.edu), [Kelly Lovejoy, Ph.D.](mailto:kelly.lovejoy@slu.edu), and [Christopher Prener, Ph.D.](mailto:chris.prener@slu.edu}). You can keep up with us here on GitHub, on our [website](https://slu-dss.githb.io), and on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/SLUDSS).

### About Saint Louis University <img src="/img/sluLogo.png" align="right" />
Founded in 1818, [Saint Louis University](http://www.slu.edu) is one of the nation’s oldest and most prestigious Catholic institutions. Rooted in Jesuit values and its pioneering history as the first university west of the Mississippi River, SLU offers nearly 13,000 students a rigorous, transformative education of the whole person. At the core of the University’s diverse community of scholars is SLU’s service-focused mission, which challenges and prepares students to make the world a better, more just place.
